DOCS-631: Settings partial_merge_join_optimizations, partial_merge_join_rows_in_right_blocks (#11130)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

Default value: 0.

## partial_merge_join_optimizations {#partial_merge_join_optimizations}

> Enables of disables optimizations in partial merge join algorithm for [JOIN](../../sql-reference/statements/select/join.md) queries.

Reviewer: We should describe that this setting is temporal. It enables some improvements that could possibly lead to wrong results. So it's a way to disable them. Even more it could ontain different set of optimisations in different versions.

Optimizations:

> - Skipping of  unneeded right blocks instead of pass through them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Skipping of unneeded right blocks instead of going through them.
```

Reviewer: I'd prefer not to describe that sort of optimisations we really have. It depends on version.

Possible values:

-   0 — Optimizations disabled.
-   1 — Optimizations enabled.

Default value: 1.

## partial_merge_join_rows_in_right_blocks {#partial_merge_join_rows_in_right_blocks}

> Limits a size of right-hand join data blocks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Limits size of right-hand join data blocks in partial merge join algorithm for [JOIN](../../sql-reference/statements/select/join.md) queries.
```

Reviewer: It's possible to add that `you probably do not need to change default value`.

Reviewer 2: @4ertus2 that's true for most settings, it would be too verbose to always point it out

> ClickHouse server:

Reviewer 2: ordered list

> - Splits right-hand join data in blocks of the specified size.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Splits right-hand join data into blocks with up to specified number of rows.
```

> - Indexes each block with minimum and maximum values

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Indexes each block with their minimum and maximum values
```

- Unloads prepared blocks to disk if possible.

Possible values:

- Any positive integer.

> - 0 — Limitation is turned off.

Reviewer 2: Needs some clarification on what does it mean. The data is not split into blocks at all?

Reviewer: It's not correct. It should be set to some adequate value: 1000 - 100000. It's possible to set it out of this range but it's not recomended. So `Any positive integer. Adequate values: 1000 - 100000. Recomended value: default`
